Add TMAP8 citation page with 2025 FED paper (#241)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/citing_tmap8.md

# Citing TMAP8

This page lists the references to use if you are using TMAP8 in your publication. For a

> list of publications that have cited TMAP8, please refer to the [publications.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list of publications that have used and expanded TMAP8, please refer to the [publications.md].
```
